My Name is Kim Sam Soon
Episode 12: So What? I'm Only 30!
What are you going to do about Yoo Hee Jin?
What's with your expression?
I asked, what are you going to do about Yoo Hee Jin?
I'm still thinking about it.
Then, without even thinking, you
carried out this kind of mess?
It's just... I'm not sure what's what either.
If you don't know, who does?
Does piggy Sam Sook know then?
Is this really a time to joke?
I'm just so frustrated with everything. Why?
It's because I'm just so uptight about everything. Why?
Wow... really...
What?! You said you changed your name?
To Kim Hee Jin.
On whose account?!
On my account! I even got my mom's permission.
Is that something that can be
settled just by applying like that?
Not exactly.
Processing will take about one month, and...
Well, there is a possibility it can get rejected.
Cancel it immediately.
Cancel it right away.
I like the name Sam Soon!
What are you to tell me?
Hey, did you not listen to anything up to this point?!
Until you sort your little cheating issue, don't even THINK about getting in my way.
Cancel it immediately! If not, I'm going to go cancel it!
Change your name to Sam Shik! Then I'll call it off.
The person I like is not Kim Hee Jin but Kim Sam Soon!
Just because the name changes, does that mean the person changes as well?
So then why are you changing it?
Just keep living as Kim Sam Soon!
I don't want to!
Name change has been my very first goal in my life.
Also, until you sort things out with
the other girl, don't meddle in my business.
Why are you making it so complicated?
Why are you making things so hard?! Why!
If there's anyone in this world who is as
simple as me, tell them to try and come out!
The one who's complicated is YOU.
Hey, President Hyun!
Why don't we have a chat.
Don't meet with Sam Soon.
Don't meet with her, okay?
But I want to meet her.
What?
What is the reason? Why is it I can't meet with her?
Are you asking because you don't know?
Yes, I really don't know.
I know VERY MUCH about men such as yourself.
You think Sam Soon appears very special to you, don't you?
Yes.
Of course you probably do!
Because in YOUR world, you will never find a girl like her.
I'm not being insulting.
I'm just explaining that there's a difference.
What I want to say is,
don't take an interest in her just because she's different.
That sort of desire...
won't even last six months.
Sister-in-law...
Who are you to call me Sister-in-law!
Anyway, Sister-in-law,
even  between  Sam Soon and me,
the situation is complicated enough as it is.
So it'd be nice if you didn't interfere
and make things even more complicated.
Look, for a person like you, HEE JIN is the perfect match.
Though the only interaction I had with
Hee Jin was inside  a plane,
I've already gotten a good sense of what she is like as a person.
I heard she was very sick.
Strong girls like that are rare.
For people like you, Hee Jin is a perfect match, I say!
So! Give up with whatever you're doing at this point.
I can't stand to see my sister get hurt again.
Do you understand what I'm saying?
If you didn't understand, I'll just say one more thing.
You know... I find you to be rather unfortunate.
Exactly 50-million-won-worth of bad luck!
Hey, you hopeless bitch!
You're probably the only girl that receives
a confession from a man and stupidly rejects it.
But it pisses me off.
The thing I hate the most is cheating, you know.
Aigoo, you dummy!
You think it's that easy to move someone's heart?
Would you like to be a hypocritical someone, like what Hyun Woo is?
Would you like that? Huh?!
This is the opportune moment.
It's time for you to grab at him!
Then what about Yoo Hee Jin?
Aigoo, you butthead.  Are you really in
a position to worry about others?
Stealing someone's heart isn't a crime.
NOT stealing it is being stupid!
How do I seduce him?
Just a second, my shoe...
See? I told you to lose some weight!
I thought you said you LIKED my belly fat!
You're the one who said my belly was a heat-control. Bla, bla, whatever you said!
Erg, whatever, get off! Get out of the way...!
No, no, no, no, no! This is not it. This is not it...
Ah, of course! I forgot about Henry!
Sophie?
Sophie, Sophie... what?
If you're going to say, 'So Pee, So Pee', just go
to the bathroom! Why do you keep calling my name...
Stop it. This is ridiculous, okay?
You! Just sit still and watch, alright?.
I'm doing this all for you.
Don't play around with me.
Rascal... Wonder where he picked up that line from...
"Heliya"
[Using Korean pronunciation rules on "Henry-ya"]
You love Hee Jin, right?
If you love Hee Jin, you'd be living with her right now, man.
Why you wasting your money staying here?
Is your family rich? Hmm?
You got some big money making business going on?
Oh.. how frustrating!
You love Hee Jin!
You!  Hee Jin love!  Love!
Okay or not okay?
Ah... You good looking hunk, you...
why do you have to be all smiley and sh**?
You're setting a fire in the heart of an old woman.
Aghh, seriously... This guy's driving me crazy!
Should I just hand over Sam Shik to
someone else and fall for you instead?
Heli-ya.
This isn't the time for you to be like this, hmm?
Simply looking in that person's
direction is not love, I tell you. Platonic!
Oh, no!
I am not Platonic!
No! Ne-bor!
Oh boy... All he does is keep grinning...
You may not understand yet because you're still young, but...
You think it's that easy to find that
perfect someone to fall in love with?
Sophie.
What?
I'm not the man that Hee JIn loves.
So I'm satisfied as long as she's happy and healthy. It doesn't matter who she's with.
What did you say?
Whatever you're saying, I need to understand!
You and Hee Jin are what? Blah, blah eh?!
Talk so I can understand you!
What, what? What are you trying to say?
Just hurry up and pack.
Ah, no, no. We can't communicate with each other!
Surprised right?
Wow! I must have really surprised you!
What's going on?
What do you mean 'what'.
Am I not welcome here?
I cleaned, and I did the laundry.
Come here.
I'm almost done!
For manners, I made another portion of kimchi.
Try it.
How is it? Good?
It's not spicy right?
It's okay. It tastes good.
I knew it!
How can I be so good my first time?
I must have been born with it.
Do you want to listen to music?
What should I put on?
Anything.
From now on, don't do this.
There is someone who cleans and does the laundry.
This is just practice for the future, so?
Jin Hun...
Yeah?
Do you remember the day we first held hands?
Maybe you don't?
It was so funny!
We'd meant to date, but almost all day,
we just walked around. And, you got frustrated...
I wanted to hold hands, but I didn't have the courage...
I actually realized, but I wanted to see what you would do.
So I didn't say anything.
Eventually within 12 hours and 40 minutes, you held my hand.
I sometimes reminisce about  that time.
We were innocent...
Everything was new and exciting.
Even when we become grandpa and grandma,
I hope we could live like that!
Hee Jin.
Do you have something you need to tell me?
Yeah.
If you have something you need to tell me, say it!
♫The cloudy moonlight bathes the mirror ♫
♫ which has been brushed with dust. ♫
About me..
♫ The dawn of a new day makes up ♫
♫ my face which has aged like years of slumber. ♫
If it's too hard to say now, you can say it later..
♫ Beautiful you. ♫
Truthfully...
♫ My love hold my hands. ♫
♫ Come back again to me ♫
The kimchi tastes... kind of bland.
♫
like a lovely and lucky flower song. ♫
Hello?
Hello?!
It's me, Yoo Hee Jin.
I'm sorry for asking you out again.
It's okay, since I have nothing to do now.
I won't make this too long.
Jin Hun, don't make him waver anymore.
You should know, that he's wavering still.
Just leave him alone. It's too tiresome.
--Yoo Hee Jin...
--Yes?
I never shook him myself, you know?
And you are not in a position to tell me what to do.
I'm sorry...
I thought it would be good if I told you directly.
And by the way,
I never covet other peoples' things.
And I also never thought of stealing them.
However,
if he comes to me, I will accept him.
Sister.
Why am I your sister?
I never considered you as my dongsaeng (younger sister).
I only survived because of Jin Hun.
What will I do without him?
Hee Jin, you are young.
You have a lot of money. You are pretty.
You're as skinny as a stick.
Ask anyone here who's better than you!
And me...
I'm not young. I'm not pretty, and I'm chubby.
Hee Jin, you have so much.
But not me!
In any case, Jin Hun may be the last chance I have in my life.
But sister, you're healthy.
Yeah, I'm healthy.
You can eat what you feel like eating.
You know how hard it is not to be able to do that?
I wish I could be chubby like you.
Unnie, your color is good, you look healthy, you are and energetic.
I wish I could be like that.
Don't make that kind of face.
Someone will think I'm harassing you.
And also,
Don't think I'll cut you some slack
because you were sick.
And me,
I'm not a kind enough person
to yield just because you were sick.
Let's play fair and leave the decisions up to Jin Hun.
Also, you better pay for this. I'm unemployed, and I have no money.
But I do have a conscience.
I ordered the cheapest item.
I wasn't joking about what I said before.
He really seems like my last chance.
I don't know how to read notes.
I can play Chopsticks, but I don't know anything besides that.
Do you... accept people like me as well?
Of course! I have... around 10 adult students?
Then... I have a goal in mind.
Actually, do you know this song?
Elvis Presley's...
You know that one, right?
I really want to learn this song.
How long will it take?
--Can't Help Falling in Love?
--Yes
Well that differs from person to person.
Everyone knows that.
If you learn that one only and practice hard, it won't take more than a month or so.
Then, can I learn it right now?
How much is the fee?
Are you playing with your feet?
This time, do it well!
1... 2... 3.
With you, my brown eyed girl.
You, my
brown eyed girl.
What's on your mind?
I don't know, I get moody these days...
Maybe because of the rain.
Why do you think people get emotional when it rains?
When I was young, I used to think that worms were falling from the sky when it rained.
What?
Because the next morning, you wake up, and there's worms everywhere.
So now, every time it rains, I think of worms.
You're so weird.
A little bit, yeah.
Henry.
Hmm?
What would you have done if you were in my shoes?
What do you mean?
You know, 3 years ago.
Would you have left without a word?
No.
I would've stayed and fought through it together.
I would have fought through no matter what... together.
I feel the same now.
If I could, I want to turn everything back to the way it was.
Then, I wouldn't make the same mistake again.
I should have just stayed no matter what and
solved it with him together.
That's all in the past now.
Yeah I see that.
That's what makes me mad.
I don't know why I left him in the first place.
Did something happen with Mr. Hun?
Do you want me to beat him up for you?
I can do it! Seriously!
How?
You didn't go home?
What are you doing alone.
What are you looking at?
Just drowning my emotions.
Have a drink with me.
Oh my,  it's been a long time since we had a drink.
Hey, what are you going to do about the restaurant's patissier?
I really, really think I'm gonna die.
Starting tomorrow, a patissiere from the hotel will be coming.
Part-time? You aren't going to search for a new one?
For now.
I'd meant to keep out of my boss's personal life, but....
Whats going on between you and Sam Soon?
Well... As a woman, Sam Soon is a bit... different.
A girl who just fits in your arms is perfect,
but Samsoon is just so...wide that
Chef.
Sam soon...does fit right in my arms.
That's fortunate.
If she fits, she fits.
What's up with those slanty eyes?
Don't try to fight my
charisma? I have charisma in the kitchen too!
Drink...
It's not a gid deal, but .... Sam Soon has an older sister you know.
Do you...know anything about her?
What?
Sam Soon's Sister...
She came last time, remember?
Kim LeeYeong or something like that.
I really don't know.
That's okay.
But... What about Sam Soon's sister?
No, it's just, well ...
But why are all the women from that family so violent? Totally like gangsters..
I'm so scared sometimes.
With the three put together, the image would be...
Don't meet Sam Soon.
Don't meet her!
I, I'm so disgusted.
I'm 50,000 dollars worth disgusted.
Hee jin is totally right for you.
Hee Jin, I first met her on the plane, but
you get a feel for who people are.
She was really sick.
Such strong girls are rare.
So stay away from this house.
I don't want to see my sister scarred again, got it?
Are we there? Let's get out. Let's get off.
Oh, that's enough for tonight.
What do you mean, 'That's enough'?
Jin Hun, don't screw around.
Eesh, this little thing is...You're still wet behind the ears.
Hey, sit up quickly.
Hey Mr.. Pull over! Hurry, hurry...
Please confirm it.
Just as you've said,
we've attached 50,000 dollars separately.
Here...
Go right now and finish it.
Finish it totally with Sam Shik.
What's up with your expression?
Don't you want to pay him back?
Sister...
What!
Sam Shik likes me.
He grew to like me.
Get yourself together!
Sam Shik is someone who
buys people for 50,000 dollars!
And you believe him?
I want to believe him.
He played with your heart many times.
Do you still want to believe him?
I still....want to believe him.
In the future, don't curse Sam Shik
If you curse him, whether it's mom or sister, I'm not letting you off.
Stop it.
Did he finish things with Yoo Hee Jin?
See! He hasn't  has he?
He's that kind of guy.
Go and pay him back now,
you hopeless girl!
Hey!  Hey!
It's the money I owe you... Check it.
Oh...today my sister sold her apartment.
Give me the deed to the house please.
Hey... HEY! Are you crazy?
You crazy guy! What kind of person are you?
It's my money.
What?
You paid the money back. I received the money. Then I tore it up.
I am someone who likes money a lot. But now I like you more than $50,000.
Do you believe me now?
Cancel your name change.
You....really can't be helped, can you?
Is that money a joke to you?
Is $50,000 a joke?
Whether my house is foreclosed,
is that a joke to you?!
It's my choice.
It would be better if you just sold the restaurant.
Sell it, and just burn the money.
I can do it.  I like you that much.
Buying hearts with money...
is that liking someone?
It's not like that!
Don't make it complicated, just accept it
I knew from the start, but...
I didn't think you'd be this horrible.
Ignorant of the struggles of this world.
I'm sorry to my heart,
and I am feel so ashamed.
Men like you...
I don't want to show you to my father.
We meet again..
Yes...
I had some business.
Me as well.
We made plans to see a movie.
Unnie ...
It's a new employee?
No...We're borrowing him from the hotel...
Oh, is that so?
That notebook I gave you last time,
could I get it back?
C-could I give it to you later?
I'm still looking at it.....
Give it to me now.
Yes...
Learn a lot, okay?
What?
Excuse me...
Yes?
Has the chef changed?
No... why?
Nothing, it's fine.
It doesn't taste as good as before.... what about yours?
Well..
Then why are you eating it?
Because..the taste is not bad.
The flavour changed..
The taste changed... let's go.
Let's go somewhere else. The place we used to go.
Did we have that few places to go?
We're already here. Let's eat..
No, I don't want to... I'm not in a good mood. I'm not going to eat. Let's go out, quickly.
Hey... Hee Jin.
Lady... Lady! It's noisy!
Your calling me Lady?
I said don't play it like that.
Do you know Art?
You're Kim Sam Soon, right?
Yes, that's right.
This registered mail came for you,.
Thank you.
Confirming your name has been changed
from Kim Sam Soon to Kim Hee Jin.
I'm Kim Hee Jin!
Mom!
Mom, try calling me, Hee Jin!
Sister, you hear that? I'm Hee Jin!
Oh... yeah, what am I supposed to do?
I have so much to do...Identification, credit card must be changed to Kim Hee Jin.
I have to update my bank card, passport...
This isn't just ordinary work, this...
So what? I'm Kim Hee Jin!
So what...!
You're that happy?
Yeah...that happy?
But your...mood swings are a bit severe.
I really like it!
So...I'm...Kim Hee jin now...
I'm Kim Hee jin, Kim Hee jin.
Today...you're very sensitive.
It's not the taste from before..
Those people are weird too...
Why does the taste change when the cooks haven't?
I don't like that kind of place.
Just wait a little longer. We're almost there.
It's not here anymore.
It's gone.
So, it is.
Don't you care?
It used to be that  you wouldn't eat Spaghetti if it wasn't here or at the place earlier!
What are you doing about something so little?
Why are you being like this?
Nothing big?
The place you and I used to come together
disappeared. I'm telling you!
Hee Jin..
How can you change so much?
It's gone. It's gone.
What's up with you?
Henry wouldn't be like this.
He treasures memories!
We had so many memories here.
Really? You are really finished?
What suddenly changed your mind?
Don't ask.
If I tell you, I'll just become laughable.
In just a few hours,  you became a human.
Why?
Did he change his attitude as soon as you gave him the money? He doesn't see you now?
Stop asking!!
OK, okay!
Sis.
Should I consider lipo? (liposuction)
Did he tell you to do that?
Give up, give up.
How many liters of fat you trying to take off?
Anyway. Don't struggle over men.
In this kind of world,
the only thing left is worries and pain. Understand?
Okay?
Cheers!
Should I consider lipo?
Such empty words.
It's always the skinny people.
This little girl...
I am right!
I really ought to just hang them up somewhere, grrr.
Hey...
Nice catch.
So how was your date?
Well...
As you can see, soaking wet. And that's about it.
So why did you come here instead of going home?
What?  You getting sick of me now?
You miss me.
You miss me?
You scare me sometimes you know that?
I don't know, maybe
I'm getting too used to you now.
Really?  Really!?
Ah!  Whatever...
Thank you.
Whats going on?
Did you come here to sleep?
Yes.
Momo followed the turtle down a long hall
to two different doors.
The turtle stopped in front of  a small door.
It was such a small door Momo had to bend down and crawl.
On the turtle's back, appeared the words, "We've arrived"
There was a sign in front of the bent over Momo
It said, "The professor of time."
Only until here today, sleep now.
Because uncle is tired.
My head hurts too.
My heart too.
This is where the heart is.
Later on don't meet any men like your uncle, okay?
Hey, you should have said, "Uncle is the most handsome. Later on, I'll marry someone like you, Uncle." Like that.
It's funny?
In life, do you know any other men as handsome as your uncle?
Sleep now. Turn off the light.
Shall I sing you a bedtime song?
When mother went to the island
to gather oysters,
The baby was left alone
to stay in the house.
Listening to the sea's lullaby
played by the waves,
With his arm as a pillow he fell asleep.
Did you clean my office today?
Yes, I did it president.
Where is the garbage?
What? The Garbage?
The garbage can is empty. Where is the garbage?
Of course, it's in the garbage dumpster.
Even his back silhouette is art...
♫ After receiving a toy, he looks at it ♫
♫ Hugs it and eventually dumps it ♫
♫  By tomorrow already he even forgets ♫
♫ the people who gave it to him like a child. ♫
Are you praying in the men's restroom?
Not even 1 second, one minute, I don't like it.
Know it's the end if you leave now.
Hee hee, it came out.
You think I won't hit you?
Okay then.
Let's work together.
Did you make that money yourself?
Using your parents money?
What makes you so great?
Why didn't you close your eyes this time?
My beautiful person!
Oh, this is good.
Mt. Halla on Jeju Island
July 7 "My Birthday"
Standing there, the clouds at my feet...
It felt like I was standing on the clouds.
I said at that time.
Now it's over. Let's stop.
Both blaming myself and despair.
And I decided. When Hee jin came back,
To at least avoid showing Hee jin, myself, trapped at a standstill.
President..
What are you looking for?
What... Oh, nothing.
[Sam Soon]
I'm borrowing your hiking clothes and boots.
I'll go to Mt. Halla.
After I come back, I'm starting anew.
Expect me.
[Sam Shik]
What, again about Sam Soon?
I have something to say.
Isn't  it all finished?
It's still not finished.
Are you talking back to me?
I'm sorry, but..
I'm not scared of anything except Sam Soon right now.
Tell it to me. I will pass on the message.
I'm going to say it to her directly.
I told you to tell me.
How can I bring someone who isn't here?
Where did she go?
You don't need to know!
You can't do this. You might regret it later...
Wow, even threats now?
Sister in law...
Why are you calling me that?
Don't be like that. Who knows? We might just become family.
I'm so...I'm at a loss.
Careful what you say!
Do you have a reason to spout nonsense?
Ah, who is making that noise I hear out there?
I'm sure something made a sound...
Who parked like this here?
Gosh.  Totally without consideration to park in front of someone's front door. How could they?
Next time, I'll call the towing truck just like that!
Sister-in-law must like me as well.
W-w-what?
That's why you helped me hide.
I'm so...You really are stupidly persistent, huh?
I can't give Sam Soon to a guy like you. EVER!
Why aren't you answering my calls.
Hurry up and take my call. Sam Shik.
HEY, Kim Sam Soon!
Sam Shik.
Did you put something weird in the cakes?
I keep hearing your voice in the restaurant.
Where are you? Do you have a death wish?
Sam Shik.
I miss him. I miss him so bad. I'm going crazy.
I'm sorry.
Sam Shik.
Why are you sorry?
Yes?
She left this here.
What are you sorry for?
Everything.
What, everything?
Just everything
Can you keep a promise?
That you won't make Sam Soon cry ever again.
Yes.
I'm not saying it's okay to date. I'm just telling you where she went.
She went to Jeju Do.
Why did she got to Jejudo?
Hello, one ticket please.
Thank you, you're working hard!
Go well.
Yes...
Yes this is it...
Let's end it.
Self-blame and despair.
I've lived only 30 years, and I have many more days to live.
If we meet some day far off in the future,
I at least won't show him a pitiful image.
Even though I liked you, without you, I will live well.
I'll say it boldly.
Okay, I'm going to start again from now on.
I'm not the woman Kim Hee Jin. I'm the Patissier Kim Hee Jin.
I'm so tired. What is this about climbing to the top...lunch...ugh...
If I come here again, I'm going to die.
Hiking to the summit is prohibited after 13:00
Descending time at the top 14:30
Ah, there is only one hour left.
Oh, that jerk.
If I fall, my nose will break.
"Standing on the clouds" and nonsense
Is he lying or a pro?
Why did I trust such cliche words?
Oh my back.
If I even see him in my dreams,
I'm going to get him for this.
Oh my god! Oh, it's hard.
MOM!
What the heck! You can't see anything!
This guy lied about coming all the way up here!
I'm Kim Hee Jin!!
I'm not Kim Sam Soon!
I'm Kim Hee Jin!
Sam Shik!!
Now...it's really over!!!
Who said you could do that?
Now I'm even hallucinating, hallucinating!
I can't fall apart here.
Get yourself together
Get your self together!
Sam Soon! No, I mean Hee Jin!
Get yourself together!
What are you doing?
You're the one that called for me. What's with the surprise?
Why are you here?
Are you...Did you come to push me off here?!
Do you know how long I waited for you?
And... who said you could be Kim Hee Jin?
I said I liked Sam Soon!